docs: update jina embeddings integration (#1164)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/embeddings/jina-embeddings.md

# Jina Embeddings

Qdrant is compatible with [Jina AI](https://jina.ai/) embeddings. You can get a free trial key from [Jina Embeddings](https://jina.ai/embeddings/) to get embeddings.

> For Qdrant users, use code **QDRANT** for a 10% discount on Jina AI APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qdrant users can receive a 10% discount on Jina AI APIs by using the code **QDRANT**.
```

+ **retrieval.query**: Used to encode user queries or questions in retrieval tasks.
+ **retrieval.passage**: Used to encode large documents in retrieval tasks at indexing time.
+ **classification**: Used to encode text for text classification tasks.
+ **text-matching**: Used to encode text for similarity matching, such as measuring similarity between two sentences.
+ **separation**: Used for clustering or reranking tasks.

`jina-embeddings-v3` supports **Matryoshka Representation Learning**, allowing users to control the embedding dimension with minimal performance loss.  
Include `dimensions` in your request to select the desired dimension.  
By default, **dimensions** is set to 1024, and a number between 256 and 1024 is recommended.  
You can reference the table below for hints on dimension vs. performance:

|         Dimension          | 32 |  64  | 128 |  256   |  512   |   768 |  1024   | 
|:----------------------:|:---------:|:---------:|:-----------:|:---------:|:----------:|:---------:|:---------:|
|  Average Retrieval Performance (nDCG@10)   |   52.54     | 58.54 |    61.64    | 62.72 | 63.16  | 63.3  |   63.35    | 

> ## Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example
```

# Jina Embeddings

> Qdrant has been integrated with [Jina AI](https://jina.ai/). You need an API key from [Jina AI](https://jina.ai/embeddings/) to get embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qdrant is compatible with [Jina AI](https://jina.ai/) embeddings. You need an API key from [Jina AI](https://jina.ai/embeddings/) to get embeddings.
```

For Qdrant users, use code **QDRANT** for a 10% discount on Jina AI APIs.

## Technical Summary

|  Model | Dimension  |  Language |  MRL (matryoshka) | Context |
|:----------------------:|:---------:|:---------:|:-----------:|:---------:|
|  jina-embeddings-v3  |  1024 | Multilingual (89 languages)  |  Yes  | 8192 |
|  jina-embeddings-v2-base-en |  768 |  English |  No | 8192  | 
|  jina-embeddings-v2-base-de |  768 |  German & English |  No  |  8192 | 

> |  jina-embeddings-v2-base-de |  768 |  Spanish & English |  No  |  8192 | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  jina-embeddings-v2-base-es |  768 |  Spanish & English |  No  |  8192 | 
```

|  jina-embeddings-v2-base-zh | 768  |  Chinese & English |  No  |  8192 | 

> > We recommend using `jina-embeddings-v3` as it is the latest and most performant embedding model released by Jina AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Jina recommend using `jina-embeddings-v3` as it is the latest and most performant embedding model released by Jina AI.
```

> > Jina recommend using `jina-embeddings-v3` as it is the latest and most performant embedding model released by Jina AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Jina recommends using `jina-embeddings-v3` as it is the latest and most performant embedding model released by Jina AI.
```

+ **text-matching**: Used to encode text for similarity matching, such as measuring similarity between two sentences.
+ **separation**: Used for clustering or reranking tasks.

`jina-embeddings-v3` supports **Matryoshka Representation Learning**, allowing users to control the embedding dimension with minimal performance loss.  
Include `dimensions` in your request to select the desired dimension.  
By default, **dimensions** is set to 1024, and a number between 256 and 1024 is recommended.  
You can reference the table below for hints on dimension vs. performance:

|         Dimension          | 32 |  64  | 128 |  256   |  512   |   768 |  1024   | 
|:----------------------:|:---------:|:---------:|:-----------:|:---------:|:----------:|:---------:|:---------:|
|  Average Retrieval Performance (nDCG@10)   |   52.54     | 58.54 |    61.64    | 62.72 | 63.16  | 63.3  |   63.35    | 

## Guide

The code below demonstrate how to use `jina-embeddings-v3` together with Qdrant:

```python
import requests

import qdrant_client
from qdrant_client.models import Distance, VectorParams, Batch

# Provide Jina API key and choose one of the available models.

> # You can get a free trial key here: https://jina.ai/embeddings/

Reviewer: Probably mention the free trial in the texts above instead of this comment.
